Joy Barongo's Portfolio Website
This is a personal portfolio website built with clean HTML and CSS to showcase the skills and projects of a Frontend Developer and Graphic Designer. The site features a professional, modern design with a dynamic typing animation, responsive layout, and dedicated sections for a comprehensive overview of the creator's work and experience.

Features
Dynamic Typing Effect: An engaging typewriter animation in the hero section highlights key roles.

Responsive Design: The layout is fully responsive, ensuring a seamless experience on mobile, tablet, and desktop devices.

Section-Based Navigation: The site is structured into distinct sections with a fixed header for easy navigation:

Home

About

Services

Experience

Skills

Education

Interests

Portfolio

Contact

Interactive Elements: Smooth hover effects on buttons, social media links, and portfolio items.

Contact Form: A simple form for visitors to get in touch.

Technologies Used
HTML5: For the website structure.

CSS3: For styling and animations, including flexbox and keyframes.

Boxicons & Font Awesome: For professional icons used throughout the site.

Google Fonts (Poppins): For a clean and modern typography.

Getting Started
To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps.

Prerequisites
You need a web browser to view the index.html file. No other prerequisites are needed to run the website locally.

Installation

git clone https://github.com/joyous47/my-portfolio-.git

Open the files:
Simply open the index.html file in your preferred web browser.

Customization
This portfolio is designed to be easily customizable.

Content: Update the text in the index.html file with your personal information, experience, education, and project details.

Images: Replace joyb.png and the placeholder images in the portfolio section with your own profile picture and project screenshots.

Links: Change the social media links, email address, and project URLs to your own.

Colors: You can easily change the primary accent color by updating the var(--main-color) variable in your style.css file.

Animations: Adjust the timing and effects of the typing animation by modifying the keyframes and animation properties in style.css.

File Structure
index.html: The main HTML file containing the content and structure of the website.

style.css: The stylesheet for all design and layout rules.

joyb.png: The profile picture used in the home and about sections.

assets/: (Optional) A folder for other images, logos, or assets.
Code Quality
Semantic HTML5
CSS variables for theming
Mobile-first approach
Well-commented code
Accessibility best practices
📈 Future Improvements
 Add JavaScript interactivity

📬 Contact Me
 whatsaap:0700054135
 email:jbarongo011@gmail.com
 